Fix the curtain.
Oh, here it is.
Hey, everybody.
It's live right now.
This is the first time for me to do
this. I was trying to see what
to think here. Move that stuff
out of the way. There you go.
It's the kids.
Do they see me?
Oh, yeah. They see you.
Can they hear you?
Can you hear me?
Can you hear us? Yeah. All right.
Can
they see me?
Yes, they can see me now. Good morning,
everybody.
This is my first time doing this, so
please bear with me. I've never been
live on anything before.
I thought I would try it. Let's pray
together today. I just felt in my
heart, after I gave that heavy
word last night, it was
really on my heart to come on
here and just pray with you all and
see what kind of prayer requests you all
need, or if you have any
questions and want to do live
questions or whatever. I
just want to let you know I'm here
for you guys. Do you see any
questions? The thing is moving so fast I
can't read it.
Good morning from Nevada. Welcome,
Nevada.
Good morning from South Florida.
Father, we thank you for the healing for
the dog's eyes.
South
Africa—we
speak life into those dogs'eyes right
now in the name of Jesus.
Good morning from London.
Arkansas.
Wow, that thing is
moving fast, isn't it?
North Carolina.
Mary, Ellen, and Jack are all there.
Edward and
Edward Jack
from Turkey are
here.
Well, Father, we just thank you
for another great day, a time of worship
and praise. We just give you all the
glory and all the honor for all that
you're doing in this earth. We thank you
that you are mighty.
What were you going to say, babe?
Oh, nothing. Father, we just thank
you for the Holy Ghost. We
plead the blood of Jesus Christ over
every single viewer today. We thank you,
Father, for the anointing of the Holy
Ghost that dwells on the inside of us.
We thank you, Father, that we have great
authority.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we are
the salt in this earth.
We thank you, Father, for the
manifestations of the glory of God being
on us, in us, and around us.
I just feel in my heart,
Father, I just thank you, Lord, that you
speak through me right now. I thank you,
Lord, that I'm anointed to do this, and
I thank you, Father, that you've
appointed me for such a time as this.
I thank you, Father, for the
supernatural manifestations of the glory
of God right now. Father, I decree and
declare healing over these people's
bodies.
We thank you, Lord, for the manifested
presence of God in their houses right now
in the name of Jesus. Whatever they have
need of today, Father, I thank you that
you're meeting their needs. Father, I
thank you from the top of their heads to
the soles of their feet, they're healed
from any disease or any kind of
infirmity. I thank you, Father, that you
said in your word that by the stripes of
Jesus, they are healed. I thank you,
Father, that they are delivered from
addictions of all kinds. Father,
if it's drugs or alcohol or perversions
of any kind, I thank you
that you've delivered them from
that. You became sick for us so that we
don't have to have sickness and disease.
I thank you, Father, that your word is
true.
We believe, Father, for great
manifestations in these last days and
for a
great outpouring of your spirit on your
people. Father,
we're not afraid of the terror
by
night, nor for the arrow that flieth by day.
Father, I know what
you told me and what you
showed me is coming. But
greater is he that is in us than he that
is in the world, and we're not afraid of
those things, Father, for we walk in
authority over them.
And we thank you, Father, that you've
given us great boldness in these last
days. That glorious outpouring will
flow over these people, Father. And I
thank you, Lord, that when they go into
the grocery stores
or
the gas stations, the light of God
would shine on them like it did on
Moses when he had that burning bush
experience. The glory of the Lord
would be manifested on their faces.
The glory of the Lord would resonate all
over them. And Father,
when they go into these
places—even
in the schools or whenever they go
into the
church—the
glorious outpouring of your spirit would
be made manifest on them. I
thank you, Father, that it would be a
Shekinah
glory cloud that would fill the very
atmosphere. In these big
seeker-friendly
churches, Father, where they
have to have the fog machines and the
skinny jeans, we show up
with the glory. I thank you, Father,
that the glory would start to manifest
and that people would start having
creative miracles in their lives. That's
what we're believing
for—creative
miracles. Father, I thank you, Lord. You
showed me those angels and they
came out of heaven, and you showed me
the great outpouring of these
new mantles that we've never
seen before. I'm believing for the
manifestation of the things that you
showed me, Father, for the glorious
church—that
we don't walk in fear
or
torment, but we walk in
the glory and the fire.
I thank you, Father, for this. I
thank you that there is a great
manifestation of that fire on us
for this last
outpouring. It's just on my heart to
believe for our president right
now and for the people who are
in power over us, Father, for the
exposure
of sin and for the corruption to be
uncovered. Father, I thank you
that the righteous would come forth
and run for office and
that
our nation would turn
around as a whole. Father, I thank
you.
The intercessory prayer starts to hit me
really hard.
I just thank you for the
anointing of the Holy Ghost
for all the needs that are here today.
But Father, for this nation and for our
nations—for
Australia and the
prime ministers, to the people in
Canada who are so desperate for a move
of God—for the oppression that has been
on these people, I thank you, Father,
that you're the way maker.
You're
able to do exceedingly abundantly above
all that we dare ask or think.
Oh Father, we thank you for
the Holy Spirit;
He dwells in us richly today.
We thank you, Holy Spirit, and we invite
you into this prayer
time.
We need you. We
can't do this without you. We are
desperate for more, desperate for
revelation knowledge. We thank you,
Father, for Ephesians, that the eyes
of our understanding would be
enlightened. Father,
create in us a clean heart, oh God.
Bring that fire on our lives
and burn out the chaff.
Thank you, Father, for the
creative miracles.
I thank you, God,
for the manifestations of your glory on
their lives. Lord, we just believe for
the greater works.
I'm believing for
great
and
mighty things to take place.
Honey, do you have any questions today?
Carla is asking for prayers for her
friend Nicole, stage four cancer.
Father, we just pray for Nicole right
now. We take authority over cancer
right now in the
name of Jesus. We command it to bow its
knee.
She will live and
not die in the name of Jesus.
And
we pray over Robert. We
thank you, Lord, no cancer comes nigh
them. We call the doctor's
report to turn around right now in the
name of Jesus. We have authority over
cancer. We command it to die in the name
of Jesus. We call those rebellious cells
to
line up with the word of God. We
command you to line up right now; in the
name of Jesus, you have no right to be
in that body. We command you to die
right now in the name of Jesus. Cancer
has to go right now in the name of
Jesus. We thank you, Father. We have
authority over this. We call complete
healing and manifestation of healing
over their bodies in Jesus'name. We
believe this and we believe we receive
this in Jesus'name. Over Robert
and—I
lost it,
I'm sorry. Well, whoever it was, we just
believe with them right now in
Jesus'name.
Gary?
Do we have anybody else?
Somebody else said Gary for
cancer.
Gary's healed of cancer. I stand with
Gary. Gary is healed in
Jesus'name.
Kaylee is asking for prayer for her
sister Shannon. She can't walk. Brain
injury.
Father, we speak to
brains and to any kind of
damage.
Carla for another brain injury;
she said numbness on her right side
after brain surgery.
Okay, we call Carla healed. We call
their brains healed in
Jesus'name.
Numbness, go in Jesus'name. We call
healing and wholeness over their
bodies in Jesus'name from the top of
their head to the soles of their feet.
We call Carla healed. We call the brain
injuries healed and any damage
healed in Jesus'name. We thank you, Lord,
for the creative, miracle-working power
flowing through that brain right now in
Jesus'name.
You got a super chat and he's
saying he's having a tough time leaving
the pill addiction. The Lord has been
tugging on me for the past few weeks
really hard and convicting me. I just
want to be full with the Holy Spirit
fire.
Okay, thank you for the
little super chat thing; I appreciate
that. That's a blessing.
Cortez family.
Okay. And so, Father, I just thank you,
Lord. Faith calleth those things that be
not as though they were. And we thank
you, Father, that he is delivered
from this demonic spirit of pill
addiction.
Father, I thank you, Lord,
that whatever the
opioids—all
the things that try to create
new things in the brain, the
hormones in the brain—Father, I thank
you, Lord, that he is delivered from
this right now. I pray for every person
on here that has an addiction to
something, for that is a chemical
imbalance. All
those hormones and all
the stuff that the body tries to
mess up with these pills—Father, I
thank you that they are
delivered right now in the name of
Jesus. Oh, I just saw something in the
spirit when I was praying for y'all.
What's the blue pill, babe? What's that
blue pill?
The
one
coming across the border?
fentanyl.
Yeah,
fentanyl. I saw that pill in the spirit
right now
when I was praying.
And so, we take authority over this pill
in the name of Jesus. Father, if there
are
addictions to this, I thank
you, Lord, that they are free from this in
the name of Jesus; we believe we receive
deliverance from fentanyl addictions in
Jesus'name.
And Father, I thank you
that you're raising up a strong border
on the southern border. Father, I
know what you
showed me—that the people are
coming from over there. They don't
even know why they're coming. They're
coming and there's going to be a great
outpouring of your spirit, and
people are going to get delivered and
set free in the name of Jesus. I thank
you, Lord; what the devil meant for bad,
you're going to turn it for good in
Jesus'name.
We believe that they are
free and they're going to get even
more free than they already are in
Jesus'name.
We're just believing
for these people on here today that
there's freedom coming to their lives.
Freedom in Jesus'name. There's
a whole bunch...
somebody saying prayer for lungs.
Elizabeth.
Elizabeth, we call your lungs healed in
Jesus'name.
We call your lungs delivered
from any kind of emphysema or COPD. It
doesn't matter what it is.
HIV—we
call HIV healed and whole and well in
Jesus'name.
We speak to that virus. We
command it to go from your body in
Jesus'name.
We call deliverance over that.
Demonic hold over my children, for Julie.
No more demonic hold over
the children for Julie. Father, we
call Julie free from that.
Father, we thank you
that
we are calling her
children free, for whom the Son has set
free is free indeed. Julie is free. Her
children are free. I stand in agreement
with that right now in
Jesus'name.
Another HIV and then alcohol: Tanya
and Mike. Mike, deliver from alcohol.
Thank you, Lord. Tanya's delivered from
alcohol and her companion,
Mike. Father, we call Mike
delivered. We call Tanya delivered from
that spirit of alcoholism. We thank you,
Lord, that they are delivered from that
in the name of Jesus.
Vince, double ear infection. Vince,
we call his ears healed.
Double ears, pop open in Jesus'name. No
more blockage, no more pain, no more
hurting in those ears. We thank you,
Lord, that they are delivered from this
in
Jesus'name.
Lexi, 16 years old with a mass in her lung.
We curse masses in
the lungs. We call masses healed and
whole and well for Lexi. Father,
we thank you, Lord. Lexi is delivered
from this in
Jesus'name.
Does
anybody have any questions?
I just see lots of prayers.
You got another
super chat.
Thank you for the super chat.
Terry, that's a blessing.
Terry and Black.
Yeah.
I don't see any
questions.
Does anybody have any questions about
last night, about the video I made or
anything like that? I really—after
I
delivered that
word—as
an intercessor, I
pray over you all and the
people of this channel a lot. I feel
like you're my family. I feel
responsible for you all
by the words I deliver to you.
For
the people who are subscribed,
I pray for you a lot
and
it's heavy
on my heart that you understand how
close we are to Jesus coming.
They're talking about how the video is
private and they can't view it.
A previous one? Someone's
talking about
how long do we have to
prepare.
As far as being prepared,
Samaria—I
don't know how to spell her
name—Samaria.
As far as being prepared,
you know, this is it, y'all.
Whenever the Lord started speaking
to me even about the gas prices and the
things that were going to manifest,
he warned
me about $200
for
a barrel of oil.
He spoke
to me
about even the oil and Saudi Arabia
joining up with Russia and the
things taking place and them joining the
BRICS nations. I saw that about May
of last year, so of
2022.
Thank you, Sparkle On.
I appreciate that.
I saw that back in May. So whenever I'm
seeing in the spirit, there's a depth
perception of things. You see
in part, you hear in part. A lot
of times the Lord will drop things in my
spirit and say, 'Brandon, this is
what's coming, and you need to intercede,
prepare, and
tell the people.'I wasn't
even on YouTube whenever he spoke to me
about this. I just started
this YouTube channel and started
posting videos here
because he told me at the first of the
year, "Brennan, I want you
to start going on YouTube,
making
videos all the time,
putting
them on, and teaching the people
the word and how to pray
because they don't know
how."When
he spoke to me about the
oil and told me it would go over
$200 a barrel—like I said, it was back
in May or so of last
year—we're
just now seeing the first
blades of that. When he
told me, he said,
"August the 24th is a very significant
day."I
didn't know what it was about;
he just said, "You need to pray over
that day."That's the way he talks to
me: he gives me cues to pray. So
when I start interceding, he says,
"Okay, so August the
24th."I
started praying over it and told you all,
"I don't know necessarily what's
going to happen, or if anything. All I
know is that we're supposed to pray
over this day."Then Saudi Arabia
and all those other countries are saying
they're going to join the BRICS nations on the
1st of
January.
I was reading
an article someone sent
me on Facebook
saying he's not going to
increase oil production and they're
actually
going to go with Russia and
slow production
down. I was like, "Wow, that's
amazing."We're
seeing the
fruit of that word. I don't know if
we'll hit 200 really quick, but the
price of oil and gas is going to go
up based on what the Lord was showing me.
Going back to when I think—because I
don't want to go on a rabbit trail
here—when
do I believe this is
going to manifest regarding the
virus and all that craziness
the Lord showed me? I believe we have
time. I believe he tells me
in advance to warn the
people, and it's not going to
happen
tomorrow. I
believe we would have a moment of
time to be able to say,
from
what I feel in my spirit...
It's not prophetically what I'm
speaking to you all right now; it's what
I feel in my spirit that the Lord is
going to give us a season here.
Whether it's a year, a year and a half,
or two years, that's what I feel
because
I told you all
when
I was praying over 2024,
he was speaking to me personally,
"2024 will be the year you soar."It will
start in September, which will be
during Rosh Hashanah, and he
said, "You will not be looking for
this."I
don't know if this was a personal
word or for everybody, so you can receive
it for you too, that
the spiritual year for me would be
starting in Rosh Hashanah going into Rosh
Hashanah
of 2023 to 2024,
just praying over that
here. I'm not believing
for an economic fallout right on
top of our heels. I know
there were a lot of conspiracies
and things about this fall, and as I
tell you, I get pulses in the spirit
when I'm praying. I feel like,
"Oh, this is
serious,"and
that's why I say, "How
serious is it on a scale of one to
ten?""What's
wrong, hun?
Oh no, I thought you were looking at me for
the next
question.""No,
I'm still trying to answer
this one. It's probably too long of an
answer; I've just never done this
live."Going
off those pulses,
when
I'm praying over something about the
fall, do I feel like it's intense?
That's why I told you
all—and
I'm never going to get
political—there's
going to be a big difference
between the red states and the blue
states. This is just being real with
y'all.
As far as
the timing goes, I believe we have time
to prepare.
I know that I've
seen things about crypto and I've
not seen the full manifestations on
those things. I believe he
will always provide for the people who
are listening, just like he did
Joseph, or the woman
who
had her last
little bit of bread and she sowed
that
to the prophet.
Then the Lord blessed
all she had and said, "Go and get
all the pots you have,"and she filled
them all up with oil. God provided in
famine.
Isaac sowed in famine and reaped a
hundredfold
that same year. Look at all the
things the Lord always does for his
people for a way out. He doesn't
catch his
children off guard. It says he's never
seen the righteous forsaken or his
seed begging bread. If God did it in
the Old Testament for his kids,
how much more will he do it for you in
his new covenant with us? He
loves us.
If he took care of them
in the old covenant, he'll take care of
us in the new. I'm just
believing with all my heart that he's
going to provide for us. I'm not
believing that we're going to have the
rug yanked out from underneath us
and we'll be going, "Man, woe is me."We're
the head and not
the tail.
I believe with all my
heart that he's going to take care of
his kids. I
always want to come across with hope
and faith, believing for
an
"exceedingly abundantly above all that we
dare ask or think"kind of God, rather than a
God who is
out there beating
people upside the head because he's angry.
God is not mad at us. Like I
told you, people are going to call this
a great Ichabod. That's what the Lord
showed me: people
are going to say, "This is a great
Ichabod"when
all
this starts to take place, that
he's
departed and left America.
But I'm telling you, he
said, "I never leave you nor will I ever
forsake you. Lo, into the earth,
I'll be with you always."He's in us, he
sent us the Holy Spirit, and he's dwelling
on the inside of us. Even in our
darkest hours, he's there.
Sometimes we go through tests
because we're
going through the refiner's fire.
What the Lord showed me
is coming
is
a cleaning; it's
the potter's wheel. I talk
about the clay on
the potter's wheel all the time.
It's a very
serious time that we're coming into.
The people who are listening to him,
following the Holy
Ghost, and
seeking him daily
will
get revelation knowledge
and you're going to hear whether
what you're supposed to put your money
into and how to invest,
how to protect your
family,
and
being frugal with what the Lord's giving
you. It's not a time to be stupid with
your money; it's a time to be wise and
listening for him to be
telling you to do things:
helping your church out, helping out
your fellow brother. I
really believe with all my
heart—and
I'm not a financial
adviser—I'll
say that a thousand
times. I am not someone who is out
here to tell you how to invest
your money, but he tells me things and
shows me certain things.
I
believe with all my heart that
if you're listening to him,
there's going to be, like I
said, I saw a number with 2%. It wasn't
a lot of people, but there was a turnaround
of things that will happen
for folks if they're believing for him
to take care of them. So, there
you go on that.
Edward, your potter friend,
he gave you a super
thanks and wanted to ask how long it was
when the angel gave you the number of
days,
or
how it happened.
The angel... okay, I was in
a dream
where
he said 569 days.
That happened on October
2nd.
569 days.
Whenever I had the dream,
an angel came to me
and he said, 'There
is
great judgment
coming.'He
said, 'In 569 days,
there will be great judgment
coming, but you are to pray
and
intercede.'I
asked the angel in the dream,
'What is coming?'and he said,
'I cannot tell you.'He said, 'The Lord
tells me you have to intercede and he
will give it to you in pieces. He'll
tell you in part and
give you
more as you pray.'So he told
me it would be 569 days.
That
came about in August, and then
the Lord told me, 'Brandon, I'm
giving more time. I'm extending more
time.'So
whenever
I'm seeing and hearing the Lord,
like I said, it's just like
when
Abraham came before the Lord and was
asking for Sodom and Gomorrah if
there be 50 righteous. He kept going
down and down, all the way
to 10. Do you see how even in the old
covenant, Abraham was a
friend of God? Look how much grace he gave
even to Sodom and
Gomorrah. When you read the
whole passage,
it
was terrible what was going
on there. Yet God was willing even at that
time to give mercy and intercede because
Abraham was interceding for them. And
look what he did. He was able to say,
'Listen, if there be just
10,'and
there wasn't. I'm sure he was
thinking, 'Surely there is more
than that in
there.'I
bet even if he went down
to one and it was just
Lot—would
you spare the city just for Lot?
But he didn't go that far.
Maybe that's all he felt in his
spirit to go
to.
I believe
with all my
heart—going
back to this because I keep going on
these rabbit trails—when you
are praying and interceding,
you don't realize how much
authority you have. When you
spend time with the Lord and sit in
his lap, curl up, and
just love on him and worship him, you realize how
much of a soft daddy he really is to his
kids. He's not an ogre. He's not up
there as a mad God beating
people with rods. He
loves on you.
I'll come in and
say,
'Hey, Dad, I'm coming into your
courts.'I
petition him in
his courts all the time.
'Father, how's your day
today?'and
he'll go, 'Hey, Brandon, it's good
to see you.'It's just the way
we talk. I know he never
leaves us or forsakes us, but
he's
excited because the way I petition him
is by going into his courts and having
fellowship in his
throne room, just going in
there, talking to him, and
being his buddy. I want to be God's
friend.
You
just got a super thanks from Sean. He
asked,
'When you have
your personal time with the Lord, do you
speak out loud to him or is it all
inside? Should we pray
out loud? Peace be to
you.'Yes,
I speak to him
like I'm talking to
you right now. I'm not
religious
about this stuff. I think people
treat God
like the priests and the
Pharisees; it's weird.
Church doesn't have to be weird;
Jesus is personal. When you start
getting real with God, God gets real
with you. People are always trying to be
all religious and
everything. Yes, we reverence him
and
respect him, and he
is
holy, but God is our Father
and he loves us. We're
his children. It
says, 'You are my children.'How do
you look at your children?
You say, 'Please come up and crawl
on my lap. I want to love on you.'That's
how He
is to
us. He's our Father, he loves us, and
people don't realize he's not mad.
He just wants us to be his
kids.
Then someone
asked
if you might do
an
online Bible study.
I'll
pray about it.
I'm not a big theology person.
Like I've told you all,
I have learning disabilities that
I've overcome with reading and
writing. So I listen to a lot
of my Bible. I push the
button and it plays,
and I follow along.
I'm just
being open and real with you
all.
As far as studying the
Word, I love to read the book of
Ephesians. I love
Hebrews,
Romans, and James.
I read them over and over
again, letting the Bible read to me.
You got an interesting comment from
Anita. She said, 'Here in Australia,
banks aren't allowing people to get
cash out, many bank branches are
closing, and we're losing ATMs.
Some people have to travel over
two hours to get to a
bank.'It's
just the beginning.
The Lord told me—remember when I told
you all I saw the flag on
the pole and the dollar turn?
It was a hundred-dollar bill on the pole,
split down the middle.
It was moving, but it
started to fade out.
I really believe
that's what we're about to see. I
believe when Saudi Arabia starts to go
full swing with the BRICS nations and we
see all those countries from the
UAE and Egypt
join,
80% of all the oil
wealth of the world will join the
BRICS nations by January
1st.
That's huge because the
petrodollar
is in trouble if that happens.
I'm not here to...
what, babe?
I thought you were looking
at me.
No, I'm just looking at you
because
you're looking at me, and I don't want to
say anything because I'm on a live
stream.
I'm going to get myself in
trouble. I'm like, 'Are you rebuking
me?'No.
You're doing great.
I get nervous
because
I don't want to get in trouble.
I'm your secretary, just
waiting for you to tell me when you're
ready for the next one.
Anyway,
I really believe we're
going to start to see a shifting.
In
January, the Lord said to me,
'You will start to see the beginning of
the digital dollar in 2023.'And he
said, "It will not come; it will not be
the full manifestation of it. You'll
just start to hear little bits and
pieces, and you're going to start to see
that."And
that was in
January because the Lord always gives me
a word at the beginning of the year. It
says, "This is what it's going to
be."But
he said, "This is not going to be a bad
year."He
said you'll see interest
rates go up; he talked to me about that.
He talked to me about the war in
Ukraine and things like that.
I don't want them
to kick me off here, so I don't know
what I can say or what I can't say.
My son edits a lot of stuff out;
it helps me.
He was showing me
what was going to
happen for this year and whether it would be
a bad year or not.
I didn't feel there would be a lot of
drama. Like I said, I started
seeing a lot of people sending
me stuff saying, "Well, they're saying
it's going to be bad this
fall."But
honestly, I
haven't felt a real caution. As
I've
told you all, I
make sure it's not the spirit of
forebodings.
People don't understand
what that is—it's like torment and fear. It's like
you're
always walking around
with that heaviness of going, "Oh no,
what's coming?"but I don't want
to live that way. So I think, making
sure, "Is this the Holy Spirit telling me
to do this, or is this a spirit
that's trying to torment me in
fear?"Walking
around like this heaviness
going, "Oh no, woe is me. Something bad's
going to
happen."When
I pray
over the fall, I don't feel that great
heaviness. Usually, I
get that if the Lord's
telling me something's about to
happen—something
urgent and imminent. It's
fixing to happen about
September or October—a caution, a
warning
to pray over things. What I do see is a
shifting in the Democratic
Party. I'm waiting for
their superstar to come on the scene, and
I'm
praying over that person. I
believe I know who that is, but I don't think
it is wise to
get into all that
today. I think
it
would
be really stupid.
I told you that the indictments
will go clear into the summer of
2024,
and that's going to be very serious. All
the stuff with
Trump—I
saw praying over
his life and for him.
Going
into the fall of 2024, the Lord had
me praying for the elections.
In 2025, I saw a
lot of darkness, y'all.
I saw a dam of
stuff that was held back, and
everything that was being held back was
going to be released in 2025.
I
saw a sludge of all kinds of
poo; it was bad. That's why
I'm telling you all
to be prepared.
2025 is a very serious
year. 2026 is a very serious year
for prayer;
that's
when I feel the caution.
But in 2024,
I don't feel a lot now.
That might change.
I get new stuff all the time from the
Holy Ghost praying, so I don't
focus on what I don't know. I focus on
what the Lord has told me. If he
hasn't warned me about it, I'm not
even going to focus my
attention on it because he always warns
and speaks to me about what's coming.
He shows me,
and if he isn't poking me in that
direction, then I go, "Whatever, who
cares?"Even
with
people asking me about Taiwan and all that,
I don't feel anything about that either.
I'm
praying over that and interceding for
it.
Someone
sent me that thing about
that guy on InfoWars
telling people to pray over
all this stuff,
but
I don't feel a great
caution in my spirit.
I'm very
sensitive about this
stuff—it's
all about Jesus.
He shows you if you seek him
and
have
a relationship with him; he will
tell you things to come.
I'll answer
a question now, or I'll just sit here and
ramble all day and
people will
be like, "I'm ready to
go."Jade
asked for
prayer;
she
is
five months pregnant and has
a history of miscarriage.
Father, I thank you for Jade. I thank you that her vine will
not cast fruit before its time. We
speak for a full-term
baby—healthy,
whole, and well, with a long, healthy
life.
Her womb is
covered by the blood, and she will not
lose any more children.
Her fruit will be smart,
intelligent, and wise,
filled with the Holy Ghost.
At a young age, this child will
start to hear and see in
the spirit and know you
intimately.
It's a
blessing from the Lord.
Satan,
get your hand off this woman in the name
of Jesus. We command you to release her
body right now.
We command
healing power to flow over
her hormones and over her body. We
thank you, Lord, this baby will be
full-term and that her labor will be
easy.
This will be a supernatural time
and a time of rejoicing for this
family when this child comes. No birth
defects—completely
whole
and well in the
name of Jesus.
Marty
says he just wants to know
your thoughts on what is believed to be
the Revelation 12 sign happening later
on this month.
I've
been asked that a lot.
I'm not a big Bible scholar,
but
I know Robert Breaker is,
and I love his ministry. I love Pastor
Steve
at
Discover
Ministries;
he has an amazing gift.
And so,
do I believe that is okay? If we go
back to 2017 and everything that
manifested
around that time frame,
everybody was thinking the
rapture—the
church was coming, the birthing, and all
that. Now, we saw a lot happen with
Israel during that time frame. We
had a major event happen in December, and
then we had another thing with
Trump declaring Jerusalem to be
the capital in May, right? So, we had all
that stuff happen.
Here we are in 2023. We have another
manifestation of this comet going
through and all that stuff, right? So, if
it was about Israel the first
time, why would it not be about Israel
this time? So, here we have the Prince
of Saudi Arabia and Joe Biden—'Sleepy
Joe'here—saying
he's
going to
have a big meeting this month and
wants to have it all finished by March.
Well, the Great American Eclipse goes
over the New Madrid fault in April.
And those that bless Israel will
be blessed; those that curse Israel will
be cursed. Every single time we've
ever seen a president do something
stupid and touch Israel, we've had a
major disaster. It happened with Clinton,
it
happened with Bush, it happened
with a lot of folks, right? So, we've
seen the pattern with Katrina and
what happened with them
making them leave their land, and
what happened with that. I believe
that was—what was that, 2004? I
believe that's when Katrina
happened, and we had that major
natural disaster happen. So, I
believe personally, I mean, just my
opinion, we will see a two-state
solution become agreed upon between
September and sometime in 2024,
and we will see probably the third
temple start to be
rebuilt.
And that's what I believe is going
to happen. I personally
do not feel the rapture of the church is
coming right this
year. I believe we're going to see
some stuff still. I've told you all,
with the things that the Lord has
shown
me, I believe we may see,
like I said, we'll start to see
a big turnaround of things. Now,
Jesus—no
man knows the day or the hour.
He could come back any moment. Could he
come back in September? If he does, I
believe he will come around Rosh Hashanah
to Yom Kippur.
I believe that's the time
frame during the Feast of Trumpets. I
believe that's the time frame we're
looking at. If Jesus is going to come
back, he comes back in those holy
days. That's what I believe. And
I also believe that he will come back
during a Shemitah year after hearing
Rabbi Jonathan Cahn and reading the book
The Shemitah and all those things and
learning about that. The
Shemitah
is a very significant time
frame; that is a seven-year
cycle. So, we just left that
seven-year cycle and
we're into now the first year of it. And
so, from what I understand, we had the
Jubilee. I thought
for what I was expecting was we
would
have the rapture of the church last
September, but we didn't. So, I
believe we have another seven-year cycle
after that Shemitah cycle. So, we go to
the end of the Shemitah cycle. The seven
years of tribulation starts on a
Shemitah
cycle. I believe that, and that we will
see the manifestation of tribulation
happen at the end of a
Shemitah
cycle. So it could be six
years from now—the end of this year
because this will be the first year of
it—so
we have six more years going into
whatever that would be,
2029, I don't know, before we maybe see
the rapture of the church again. That's
just my opinion. And so, that'd be
six years. And so, we would see the end
of that and then we'd be getting ready
to go. Maybe that seven years would be
starting into the tribulation going in
from there is what
I'm thinking. But it's just my thoughts.
Did that answer that? I guess.
But about the
Revelation 12 sign, yeah, I don't know.
I just think it has something
to do with Israel. If it did the first
time, maybe we'll have it
again.
And then somebody's asking about
September 23rd. So I don't know if
you've heard anything
about—yeah,
a lot of the Hollywood people
talking about September 23rd. I don't
know. We'll see. I mean, we're just a
couple weeks away here.
And Gay is asking, 'How do we keep
walking with joy after
hearing about that word that you
gave?'Joy
is a choice. The joy of the
Lord is our strength. You've got to get
in the word. When you give a word
like that and you're hearing it, like I
told you—remember when I told you all,
I believe it was several videos
back, the Lord said, 'There are sobering
days coming, Brandon. There are very,
very sobering days coming.'And he said,
'But people argue with me;
it's not in the Bible to be
filled and be drunk with the Holy Ghost
with the new wine.'I found the
scriptures. Now I've got to go bring them
back. I don't have time right here about
being filled with the Holy
Ghost—being
filled with the overflowing with
the Holy Ghost. That's what I'm talking
about. It's not like being drunk. I
know a lot of people try to be flaky and
weird about stuff, but I'm talking about
being filled with the capacity of the
Holy Ghost that nothing's going to
move you. Nothing moves you. Being
filled with laughter. That's what he
told me. He said it was like whenever
I was driving down the
road—and
I remember even the exact spot of the
highway whenever he spoke to me and he
showed me what he showed me about
sobering days coming, and I remember even
where I was looking at on the road
and
the tree and everything—and he told
me, he said, 'You're going to have to get
in a place where you're full of laughter,
a spirit of praise, a spirit of
joy in your home.'Do not allow
the spirit of heaviness of what you see
and all the drama of the world
fill you up. You watch the news too
much. You watch things on YouTube too
much—all
the drama, all the bad reports
continually trying to bombard you with
the drama. And you've got to
learn how to put a filter up there and
say, 'You know what? Enough's enough.
I've
got to turn this off.'And that's where
I get a lot. The Lord told me at the
beginning here, 'I want you to stop
looking at all the news as much as
possible, Brandon.'Yeah, you can
look at stuff and that's why I watch
Stephen Gardner. You know, I watch his
channel and he gives a summary of the
news of the day.
He has a YouTube
channel on there and I watch him and
he tells what's going on for the
day and it's like 12 minutes and
that's all and I just go, 'I'm done. I
don't want to know anything
else.'And
so I don't like to feed on
the news. Fox—I used to watch Fox a
lot, and Hannity and all
that—and
I just don't do that anymore. It's not
healthy to keep meditating on that
stuff. So yeah, when you get a bad
report, whenever you see in the
spirit and you see drama coming, that's
the time to start praising and
worshiping in your house. Putting
worship on, putting praise on, and
getting in the word, you know? And
know that greater is he that is in
you than he that is in the world. And
I'm not moved by what I see. I'm not
moved by what I feel. I'm moved by what
the word of God says. And he said he
would protect me; he knows so much he
knows even the hairs on my head. He
knows everything about me.
He knows my future better than I know my
past. He has a perfect
plan for me. The steps of the righteous
are ordered by the Lord. And
so I'm believing I'm righteous with
the Lord. I'm going to be with him. I'm
seeking him daily, not just on
Sunday, like I said. And he's going
to direct my path and I believe he'll
direct your path. He's no
respecter
of persons. I don't let
all that fear inside of me. I have to
separate myself from the visions that I
see and not allow that to come on
me.
I say, "You know what, Lord? I
know you're showing me this stuff, but I
have the power and the ability to pray
in the Holy Ghost, and I can change
things in the spirit."As for
me and my house, we're going to serve the
Lord. I'm going to put a bloodline
around my property and on
my children. I anoint them with oil. I
anoint my home with oil, and nothing will
come nigh my dwelling. I
don't care what plague is there. I don't
care how big the devil thinks he is; he
ain't big enough to run over my Jesus,
and he's not big enough
to run over my big George.
He's
got my back, and he's going to
protect me. I believe with all my
heart.
I haven't told you
all this—do you want me to tell you a really
cool testimony I had? I'm
not going into all the detail
because it's not necessary,
but I had a bad report from the doctor
about a couple of years
ago. They tried to tell me
all this drama and
stuff I
didn't want to hear. They wanted
to do a biopsy and all
this, so I went in
and
said, "I've got to believe by faith
everything is going to be okay.
I'm not going to believe your report. I
don't care what the blood tests say;
I'm going to stand on the
word."I
had a spirit-filled doctor, a good
man, and he received what I
said because he went to church with us.
I went to get some
prayer because I needed some agreement.
It was really strange because
nobody laid hands on
me. I don't like people laying
hands on me, and I'll get into
that in other videos.
You
have
to be careful who you let put
their
hands on
you.
There
are
impartations, and
some people have critters; I
don't want anybody laying hands on me if
I don't know you. I always say,
"You aren't
touching me unless I know
you."Let
me tell you this:
I was sitting in the middle of this
room and a massive angel
with humongous sausage
fingers—like
those Vienna sausage
fingers—came
and
put his hands on me just like this.
He put his hands around my head and a
lightning bolt—I saw it in the spirit—hit
me.
It's
not a full manifestation of an angel
walking in a room;
that's only happened
twice in my life. Whenever it did,
the power of God was so thick I
crumbled like a sack of
taters
right there.
When the manifested
presence of God comes into your house,
the power of God is so
strong I cannot even stand up because
the anointing settled on my legs
and I just fall on my face because of
the glory of the Lord.
This time, I saw the angel
in the spirit.
He
put his hands
around my head like this, and
I could
see his hands touching my face.
The power of
God—the
Holy Ghost lightning—went boom,
and it knocked me out. The power
of God came all over me and I was
completely healed. I
went back and got a good report from
the doctor; everything was normal in
my body after that. This angel
was massive. His face was
real chunky—chunkier than
mine—and
his arms were huge.
Every angel looks so different.
Not one looks the
same.
God is such a good God. He's so big.
I just felt like I'd
tell you all that.
Since you're talking about angels,
Victoria wants to know, does everybody
have guardian angels?
For sure. If you're a
born-again
believer, you have a guardian
angel. I believe
there's even one assigned to you
when
you're not a
born-again
believer. God has angels
watching over people, or
more people would go home early. If there was
no protection even for the worst
sinners,
what would
keep
them on the earth? The devil comes to
kill, steal, and destroy.
There has to be some kind of covering
that they have that we
don't even know.
Intercessory prayer covers some people. There
are
some real rascals out there—bad
sinners—and
you
have
praying mamas praying
for their kids to
turn around. You never
know—maybe
they don't even have it, but God has a
plan for their lives. Even
people practicing the
occult—what
keeps them here?
Some of these people are really
dark, but God has a plan for
everybody. He wants
them to repent and know
him.
There is a great harvest of souls like
we've never seen before about to hit
this planet.
I've seen them coming from
everywhere. I saw a massive amount of people giving
their hearts to God.
They come to the
central parts of America
because of revival.
They're
desperate because of what's fixing to
happen.
They come
to the central part of Oklahoma—there
are
places of refuge, places
of
restoration.
They come
here and there is food,
water, things
like that. The Holy Ghost
comes and there's revival. I saw
fields full of
people—not
just
churches—and
stadiums too,
full of people getting born
again.
It's
like the
crusades
Billy Graham used to do,
people
getting born again like crazy
because they are desperate.
We're about to see some stuff
this generation has never seen
before. That's why I was trying
to tell you this. I added to the
last video because the Lord was telling
me, "Brandon, there is a
lot..."and
excuse me about this, but
this is how the
Lord talks to me: He was calling them
like Tickle Me Elmo prophets. He
told
me there's
a lot of people seeing stuff
that is not of me. He warned
me about this. He told me
there's going to be a shifting, a
shaking
even in
the prophetic on YouTube.
He
said
the way
everyone
views the prophetic
right now is going to be so different in
the near months and the near
year. So, it's going to be
something that we've not seen before,
which
we've heard about in the Bible.
It's going to be those kind of prophetic
people, like Elijah. People like that are
going to walk in power and authority,
like whenever he called down the
prophets of Baal and burned up all
their stuff, and the fire
came down.
That's the kind of stuff we're
going to start to see. People walking in
a supernatural that we've
not seen in probably hundreds
or
thousands of years—if not maybe back
when Azusa Street was happening.
That was 100 years ago.
But
that kind of
stuff—major
miracles, major things. And you're going
to see prophetic giftings move
like we've never seen before in this
generation, but like
you've seen in the Bible. So I'm excited
about it; I look forward to it. I'm
telling
you this, I'm not even there yet. I
have to get myself more
ready—the
refiner's
fire. That's what the Lord told me
because I was talking to you
all
about being on the potter's wheel
and going through the refiner's fire, and
the Lord told me, 'Brandon,
you're wrong about that.'Because I
said, 'Well, once you've been through
it, you don't go through it
anymore.'He
said, 'No, you will always be
refined until the day you come home to
be with me.'He said, 'Brandon, nobody
is perfect. Nobody will ever be.
You are
always going from glory to
glory. Yeah, you won't go through some
things like you used to, but you're
always going to be refined
regardless of who you are. I don't care
if it's the biggest preacher with the biggest
audience or whatever—we're always going
to be refined. And so,
that's what the Lord was
showing me. Any more questions, baby?
Yeah, somebody's asking, 'Did
you
see a direct city of where the CS
were?'Just
CS.
Yeah, the CS.
Yes, I was in Oklahoma whenever I saw
the CS. It was in a grocery store
parking lot. It was actually where I was
at, driving down the road, and
when
I had the open-eye vision, I
saw it in that parking lot of
this grocery store. And so that's why it
shook me so bad, because it was
home, and I was like, 'Oh my
gosh.'And
then Casey wants to
know, 'How do
we help the homeless be prepared
for the shaking that's
coming?'I
don't know. I mean,
whatever the Lord puts on Casey's
heart. I know that it's going
to affect a lot of people and it's going
to be very bad. Whatever the Lord
tells you to do, do it with all your
heart. If He tells you to do something
to help out the homeless population,
then do it with all your might.
It's just following the
voice of the Lord for you. It's
very important. Everybody's
going to be different. It's going to be
different in Seattle and it's going to be
different in New York for what's coming.
There's going to be a
lot of people affected, even in every
area of any city. It's going to be
very sobering.
James says the digital ID is being
rolled out in Kenya
right now.
Yeah,
so we're seeing it all happen. It's all
starting to happen in Kenya. Digital ID,
y'all. Do you all realize how
close Jesus is to coming back? Even if
it is seven more years,
or
six more years—what if
He
comes back in September?
We're so close.
Look
how fast the last three years have gone with
Sleepy Joe here.
I mean, look how fast those three years
have
gone. It's
amazing to watch this happen. Look at
the process that we've gone through in
this
timeframe.
With Trump, look how fast that time
went. If it's seven years, this is going
to go like a blink.
Life—it
seems like the years are speeding up and
it's not like little timeframes here
anymore. This year is
almost over. We've got October,
November, and
December—boom,
it's done. It's crazy how
fast things seem to be going. So, I'm
excited, y'all. Sister
Billye
Brim has a prayer conference in October
that I love to listen to.
It's around October
11th in Branson, Missouri, and
she does a prayer conference every year.
I would encourage everybody, if anybody
wants a fresh touch of the Holy Ghost, to
watch that
livestream.
Yeah, you've had three people mention
that.
Everyone
needs to get
that fresh oil, that fresh wine inside
of them, and get stirred up.
Listen to things that will stir you
up. Sister Billye has blessed my
life. I know a lot of people
don't like women preachers, but I do.
The teaching and the
things that they bring to the
body of Christ have changed my life.
Learning how to flow in the Holy Ghost
through Gina—I've told you all about
Gina
Lynn. She does her prayer thing. I
learned so much from these
women of prayer: from Lynn to
Billye to
Rachel
Teafatiller.
You go back and listen to
this stuff. Mama
Jenkins—go
look at Mama Jenkins and find her
stuff. I have one of her videos on my
prayer channel. I put
all my stuff over there. I try
to keep it where it's prayer so
people can learn how to pray more.
I'm going to do more prayer videos like
I did with Brother
Hagin
because I got a lot of good
responses off that. I'm really
thinking that this is a good way for
me to go—teaching people how to
pray and to jump in those rivers.
It's real important, especially for
what's about to happen. You have got to
learn how to pray and jump in these
rivers. It brings refreshing,
and
when you're praying in the
spirit like that, you're able to move
things.
It's amazing.
I want to teach you all
this stuff.
You've had
a bunch of people
asking for healing prayers now.
Okay,
well, we'll just get
ready to end it then. I
think that's good
for my first time here.
I hope y'all like it. If not, then
we won't do this again. I want
to be a blessing.
Warren says that he had a great
coffee with you live. And
then you had somebody from Kazakhstan—I don't
know how you say
it,
it's a country by Iraq.
No, by Russia.
You'll have to repeat what we're saying
because they can't hear us; they can
only see where everybody's at. Thank you
for joining me today; this has been a
blessing.
Kazakhstan—that
is cool. Well, thank you for watching me
and watching this video. This is
awesome. I really am excited
about this. I was nervous
about doing this;
I've just been a
secret
person for the Lord. I've
been flowing with the Holy Ghost by
myself for all these years, and I just
get on these assignments and do what
He tells me to do.
This whole thing is new.
All this YouTube stuff
is
a big stretch for me.
You've had three people want to
know when you're going to go
back on because they want to bring
family members next time.
They're
asking
if
you're
always going to do it
in the morning.
Yes,
it's my time of prayer. I like
to pray from about 3:00 in the morning
until around
6:00.
There
is a very intense time in
the spirit realm from 3:00
to 6:00.
I can honestly
tell you,
even
without looking at a clock, I know what time it
is
because of how sensitive I've
become to the spirit realm and where we
are in that
timeframe.
In
my timeframe, when
I'm praying over this area
and
looking over, you
can see the principalities.
When the Lord shows me all
this stuff and I start interceding,
you're coming against all the darkness;
the spirit realm is very active.
I
don't
like to talk about the demonic very
much. I do not give those punks any
glory; they don't deserve it.
People need to know about this stuff,
but I don't like talking about it
because I've seen how they get puffed up
and arrogant.
But they're defeated
by the blood of the
Lamb. They have no power and
no authority. If people would
wake up and realize who they are, we
would
be able to do things.
They don't
need to be roughriding us; we need to
be
attacking them. It
seems
we're always
in the spirit chasing and putting out
the fires the devil's
starting. We need to be on the offense
and stop this trash.
We have power and
authority that the Holy Ghost dwells
in.
Greater is He that is in us than he
that is in the world.
We have authority over the devil,
and you need to know that.
I've seen it.
There
will
be times when I'm
interceding and you see unclean
spirits.
I'll be praying for pastors and
people, and you see
unclean spirits
trying to come around. They're dirty
looking and stink like rotten
eggs.
The
spirit of perversion
often
stinks.
I'll be careful
because I'm on a live
stream,
but
there's a lot about
that people have no clue
about—taking
authority and binding
things back.
The spirit realm is
more real than the natural realm.
Let's pray real quick, and
then
I'm going to go
eat some breakfast.
Father,
we just thank You.
Christina is
seeking
healing on her left side
from a stroke. There
are
people with
thyroid problems,
epilepsy, and autism.
Father, we bring all these prayer needs to
You
in the name of Jesus
over thyroids, autism,
strokes,
and
diabetes.
We thank
You that what You bore in Your
body, we need not bear in
ours.
I thank You, Father, that You took it
all on the cross for us.
If you're begging,
you're not believing. Abraham
staggered not at the promise of God
through unbelief but was strong in
faith, giving glory to God. He was fully
persuaded that what God had promised, He
was
able also to perform. You have
to be fully persuaded in your mind right
now that Jesus Christ is your healer.
Just as much
as you believe you are saved,
you've got to believe you're
healed. Believing for healing and believing for salvation are the same
thing. He took your sins, poverty, lack,
sickness, and disease
on the cross.
We're not under the curse anymore.
For sickness, I have health; for
poverty, wealth; for Christ has ransomed
me.
We're not begging Him anymore
because He's already done it. Faith
calls
those things that be not as
though they were. You have to
start acting in your
faith. Your mountain has to hear your voice. Speak to your mountain of sickness and disease: 'Be gone in the name of Jesus.'Don't doubt in your heart; you shall have whatsoever things you say, as in Mark 11:24. You need to get that inside of you. Speak to those things and call those things that be not as
though they were:
'I'm
free in the name of Jesus.'For whom the
Son sets free is free indeed.
Quote that out of your mouth and
stand when the devil comes
with his 'poo-poo package'and tries to
drop it at your door. Say, 'No,
Satan. Not today. We
aren't
going to let you
do that to us. I put the blood
of Jesus up against
you.'You've
got to submit yourself unto God.
Resist the devil, and he's going to
flee from you. But you've got to do
that. You've got to submit to God: 'God, I
submit to you. I look to you. I look to
your face right now. You're my
savior. You're my
healer.'Then,
after that, you've got to take
authority over it. If he's already paid
the price and he's already done it all,
he's already done everything he's going
to do about the devil. He's not going to
do any more. He said, 'I've given you
power to tread on serpents and scorpions,
and nothing shall by any means hurt
you.'He's
already paid the price for
sickness and disease. He's already done
it all. He isn't going to do any more.
He's already died for it. He's not going
to die again. He already took it on his
back. He already took it in his hands.
He was crucified for us.
And if Jesus took all that
for you, I'm not going to take it in my
body. It's not mine.
So you've got to resist it. Be steadfast. I
resist it. When all else there is to do is
stand, stand therefore. That's what
you've
got to do. I will not allow this
sickness and disease to come on my body.
I resist you in the name of Jesus. And
Father, I thank you. I take authority
over these circumstances. You've got to
speak to it. I take authority
over thyroid disorder. I take
authority over that
thyroid disorder. I have authority over
you. I command you to go in the name of
Jesus. I command my thyroid to speak. I
speak to my thyroid: 'Be healed and whole
and well.'I don't have to be on
medication anymore. I speak to this in
the name of Jesus. I speak to my
thyroid. I speak to my brain. I speak to
whatever body
part you've got to speak to. Speak and decree over
it: 'I am healed. I am well.'Life and death are
in the power of
your tongue.
And so when that power of life and
death is in your tongue, you've got to
speak over your situation. 'No weapon
formed against me is going to
prosper.'You've
got to start believing in that.
You've
got to believe in the power and
authority that Jesus has in you and that
he's given you and how you rule and
reign with him. You are seated with him in
the heavenlies, far above all
principalities, far above all powers, far
above all of it. You are
joint heirs with Jesus Christ.
You're a son or daughter of the
Most High God, joint-heirs with him. And when
you have that power and authority on the
inside of you, you're able to take
authority over that devil and tell him
to get under your feet. That's where he
belongs. He has no power to come on you
and hurt you. You've got to stand,
though. And you know what? He'll come
and test you. He'll come and try to
knock you down with those waves of life.
He comes as a roaring lion seeking
whom
he may devour. To devour means to eat
whole. It's not to gobble you up a
little bite at a time. To devour
somebody is to try to eat them all the
way up, the whole of them, in just one
bite.
No, you aren't going to devour me. No, he
rebukes the devourer for my sake. That's
why I was trying to tell you all the
importance of tithing. People want to
get all upset; Malachi said, 'Oh,
that's part of the old
covenant.'No,
listen. If you go through that
and read all that, he's talking future
tense. He's talking about
a covering for you. He rebukes the
devourer
for your sake.
That's the only time he ever says he
does anything to rebuke anything for
you—in
Malachi. All the other
times,
you have to take authority over the
devil. God's done everything
he's going to do about the devil.
He's
already given you power over him. Now,
we're all waiting for God to do
stuff for us, but he's
waiting on you. You've got to speak to
the things you have to. Your tongue has
power. You have power. That's why you
should
watch over your words. Do not just be
flippantly speaking stuff out of
your mouth. Life and death are in the
power of your tongue.
The
only place in the Bible he talks about
rebuking the
devourer for you
is
through the tithe and offerings. It's
that
important; it puts a
covering over your stuff. And people
don't want to hear that. Well, you know,
a lot of times
people who squawk the most about
tithing are the people who are broke and
they don't want to be blessed. But I'm
telling you, I have seen the bottom of
the barrel and the barrel was on top of
us. And then I've seen God turn things
around for us on just
a financial seed of giving ten dollars to
the ministry. I said, 'God, bless
whatever I put my hands to will
prosper.'According
to Deuteronomy 28,
'Give me a creative idea to get
wealth.'Lord,
I seek you today. I
don't seek the provision as much; I seek
you. He says, 'Seek first the kingdom
of God and all these things will be
added unto you.'I seek him, Father. I
seek you today. And I thank you that
you're going to give me wisdom and
revelation on how to provide for my
family today. Anoint my hands to do
something great for you, Lord, all for
your glory. I am anointed.
Say this: 'I am anointed to do
YouTube in a way that the world is not
familiar with, all for the glory of God.
Not for my glory, but for
you.'Start
saying that. I am anointed. You're
anointed to maybe sell a car. Maybe
you're anointed to sell houses.
Maybe you're anointed to be a doctor.
'I am anointed to be a doctor in a way
that the world is not familiar with, all
for the glory of God.'Start saying that
over your life. 'I am the head and not
the tail. I am above and not
beneath.'You've
got to start believing that
because you have a greater one
inside of you, the power of the Holy
Ghost. We have dominion and authority.
And not only that, we're joint heirs with
Jesus Christ.
We're his ambassadors in
this earth.
What does an
ambassador have? Whenever you go as an
ambassador of the United States or your
country,
they have everything they need
financially, whatever they need backing
them as the ambassador of that
country. We're ambassadors of the
kingdom of God. Everything we need is at
our disposal. We can call on
angels. We can call on healing. We can
call on finances. Whatever we've
got to have, we have protection. We've
got the secret service
of the Most High protecting
us—his
big
angels that protect us. We've got
his treasury
department. It's all there. He's
protecting us. He's watching over
us.
He has the cattle on a thousand
hills. Everything is his.
He's
got it for you, and he's backing us.
So all we've got to do is call on that
stuff. 'Father, I thank you, Lord, that
out of your treasury department,
you bring enough finances. I'm your
ambassador in this earth. I
have
protection. I have anything I need, and
his kingdom backs me.'And that's what
you've
got to start believing. My
daddy has it all. The
earth is the Lord's and the fullness
thereof, and he's given it to us.
The earth is ours, and he's given it to
us. Then he gave us authority and
power over things. We have it all.
Praise God, y'all. We should get
excited about stuff like that. There's
no reason to be sick. There's no reason
to have disease. There's no reason to be
broke, busted, and disgusted.
So, I just want to encourage you all
today to get encouraged. Don't be afraid
of what's coming in the future. We have
authority and power. Be full of
joy today.
Father, we just thank
you, Lord, for joy. We thank you that the
joy of the Lord is our strength. We
thank you, Lord, for these people today,
and we just believe it. Somebody said
'laugh out loud.'I read a comment really
fast on his face. That was funny.
There you go. That's what I
have for you. I'm going
to have
my son come over
and
help me. Put a smile on your face and a
song in your heart, y'all. Jesus loves
you so much, and we love you. Our family
loves you. Are you going to say hi to
them,
son?
Hey, what's up, guys?
Thank you for all the super chats and
stuff. I know we couldn't respond to
them all, but we got most
of them. We got
Kevin.
Thank you for the blessing,
Tony.
Wow, what a blessing.
That's awesome. Thank you, Sean. Thank you
all.
They're
talking to you.
Oh, hey, what's up?
Oh, y'all are so nice.
We appreciate you so much.
We appreciate you.
Put a smile on your face and a
song in your heart. Have a blessed day,
everybody, and we'll see you next time.
I'll try to do this again, maybe
tomorrow. I don't know. I'll
see how everything went, but I'm
going to do it more often. I see
there's a lot of people that have come
on here. You all be
blessed and have a great day today. Bye.